hi guys my name is the Chicana and I'll
be showing you a very cool DIY on how to
make a bag out of a t-shirt now I'm sure
you all have that one t-shirt that you
are doing use and still don't want to
get rid of so let's see what we can do
with it
all you need is a t-shirt a ruler a
thread and a needle scissors a marker
measuring tape and an eye on starting
with the t-shirt make sure it's flat on
the surface now if you can see these
creases make sure they're flat so we're
going to iron it now turn the t-shirt
and fold it into half make sure it's
right on top of the other
now whatever shape of the bag that you
need just mark it on your t-shirt and
then cut it off
this is going to be the top of my bag
and these are going to be the sides so
either you can stitch it or you can do
it what I'm going to do is I'm going to
glue it because it's faster and it's
easier so I'm going to mark half an inch
with eyeball it all around and I'm going
to start sticking
and now I'm just going to place this
slot on top and stick it off
take your ruler
and start marking around one inch of all
along horizontally so now since I have
my state falls only to cut the slips I
am going to fold my cloth along the slit
horizontally and all I have to do is
make half cut stickers since its
terminals will cut both the sides now
what you gonna do is again fold it into
half and just make one line a mark for
your handle this becomes your handle now
the most interesting and fun part about
this bag is going to be sketching it so
all we are going to do is to stretch it
so when we stretch it these legs
wrinkle up curl and open and it looks
really beautiful okay and last but not
least is inside-out and your bag is done
to not wash these bags with hot water if
you use glue if you stick stiff then
it's okay you can you
the water so this I think weighs around
2 kgs so you can carry books to college
or this anything that weighs 2 kg is oh
maybe 2.53
will also do so I hope you guys like
this video because I love making a few
guide and if you guys enjoyed this
please do like share and subscribe and
do subscribe to mohawk